TELCODOCS-1385 - Update docs for 4.14 RAN RDS (#64278)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-ran-gitops-operator-and-ztp-plugins.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-du-components.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-ran-gitops-operator-and-ztp-plugins_{context}"]
= {gitops-shortname} and {ztp} plugins

New in this release::
* GA support for inclusion of user custom CRs in Git for {ztp} deployments

* {ztp} independence from deployed cluster version

Description::

> {gitops-shortname} and {ztp} plugins provide a {gitops-shortname} driven infrastructure for managing cluster deployment and configuration.

Reviewer: "GitOps driven infrastructure" should be "GitOps-driven infrastructure"

> {gitops-shortname} and {ztp} plugins provides a {gitops-shortname} driven infrastructure for managing cluster deployment and configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{gitops-shortname} and {ztp} plugins provide a {gitops-shortname} driven infrastructure for managing cluster deployment and configuration.
```

> Cluster definitions and configurations are maintained as a declarative state in Git.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cluster definitions and configurations are maintained as a declarative state in git.
```

ZTP plugins provide support for generating installation CRs from the `SiteConfig` CR and automatic wrapping of configuration CRs in policies based on `PolicyGenTemplate` CRs.

> You can deploy and manage multiple versions of {product-title} on managed clusters with the baseline reference configuration CRs in a `/source-crs` subdirectory that is in the same location as the `kustomization.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: clarity suggestion, assuming i'm understanding this correctly:
```suggestion
You can deploy and manage multiple versions of {product-title} on managed clusters with the baseline reference configuration CRs in a `/source-crs` subdirectory as long as that subdirectory also contains the `kustomization.yaml` file.
```

You add custom CRs to this subdirectory that you use with the predefined CRs that are specified in the `PolicyGenTemplate` CRs.

> This allows you to tailor your configurations to suit your specific requirements. This also provides ZTP version independence between managed clusters and the hub cluster.

Reviewer 3: This section feels out-of-context.  
Explain further what dirctory structure is being discussed there

Limits::
* 300 `SiteConfig` CRs per ArgoCD application.

> Multiple applications can be used to achieve the maximum number of clusters supported by a single hub cluster.

Reviewer 2: active voice suggestion:
```suggestion
You can use multiple applications to achieve the maximum number of clusters supported by a single hub cluster.
```

> * Content in the `/source-crs` folder in Git overrides content provided in the {ztp} plugin container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Content in the `/source-crs` folder in git overrides content provided in the {ztp} plugin container.
```

Author: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#git

Reviewer 2: a very weird convention 😭 thanks for pointing this out

Author: IDK - the software name is "Git", the CLI is `git` :shrug:

Git takes precedence in the search path.

* Add the `/source-crs` folder in the same directory as the `kustomization.yaml` file, which includes the `PolicyGenTemplate` as a generator.
+
[NOTE]
====
Alternative locations for the `/source-crs` directory are not supported in this context.
====

Engineering considerations::

> * To avoid confusion or unintentional overwriting of files when updating content, use unique and distinguishable names for custom CRs in the `/source-crs` folder and extra manifests in Git.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To avoid confusion or unintentional overwriting of files when updating content, use unique and distinguishable names for custom CRs in the `/source-crs` folder and extra manifests in git.
```

* The `SiteConfig` CR allows multiple extra-manifest paths.

> When file names overlap in multiple directory paths, the last file found in the directory order list takes precedence.

Reviewer: Meaning is unclear here.
Would something like this be better?
In cases where directories contain files with the same name, the file in the final directory takes precedence.

> This allows the full set of version specific Day 0 manifests (extra-manifests) to be placed in Git and referenced from the `SiteConfig`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows the full set of version specific Day 0 manifests (extra-manifests) to be placed in git and referenced from the `SiteConfig` CR.
```
